hello everyone today we're gonna learn
how to make hiyashi chuka ramen this is
chilled Chinese ramen and this stuff is
awesome this really is an awesome
summertime dish so the first thing we're
doing is we're taking a cucumber and we
cut it in a little bit less than half
and then we're gonna cut it in very very
thin slices and as I mentioned this is
such a refreshing summertime food
especially when it's really hot out this
is wildly popular in Japan and I you see
there's so much in the summertime it is
just excellent so definitely if you
haven't had it before now is the time to
try to have it because it is it is
excellent so here what we're doing is
we're taking those very thin cucumber
slices and cutting them into very thin
strips as well you know this is
eventually going to be on top of our
ramen noodles and so we wanted to try to
cut it as cleanly as possible
even though the cucumber does get a
little bit slippery and it can be
difficult but that's what we're going
for really really thin cucumber slices
like so and once we have that that
should be good enough the next step is
we're gonna cut up a tomato definitely
gonna cut the end off first and then go
ahead slice it in half and we're just
gonna make wedges here very very well I
just slide we're gonna make thin slices
I take that back
but the thin slices once again there's
gonna be another condiment on top of our
ramen noodles and really really with the
cucumber and the tomato and the other
things are gonna put on top just a nice
chilled refreshing lunch or dinner so
once we have our tomato the next step is
we're gonna take a deli sliced ham go
ahead and cut that in half fold it over
and then we're going to take these hand
pieces and just cut them into very very
thin slices like so
and once we do that we will be just
about done with our condiments but uh it
is worth noting this ham doesn't need to
be super special there's a very standard
Japanese ham slices we get but really
any ham slices will do whatsoever so
this is what the chicken ramen looks
like and just look for the ramen package
that looks like it has a bunch of cold
stuff on top of it that's what you're
looking for now we have boiling water
and we're gonna take the ramen noodles
and put it on top and really you just
kind of mix it around ramen noodles
definitely read the package but
typically especially for the chilled
ones these aren't like the you know the
hard dried ones these only take about
two minutes three minutes max now we're
going to go ahead and mix them in with
very cold water like so and how we lost
our big bowl for the day I think someone
borrowed it so we're doing in the salad
bowl and a strainer like so but you just
have really really cold water in there
and you just mix it around and just keep
mixing and mixing and mixing this will
give you your chilled noodles like
you're looking for and once we have our
noodles chilled we take it out shake it
around and put it on a plate now the
next thing we're going to do is we're
going to take our chilled ingredients
and put it around on top of the noodles
like so you'll see we have the cucumber
we have the ham slices and we actually
went ahead and scrambled an egg as well
and cut it into thin slices too and we
go ahead and put the tomato not quite
wedges on it as well and that's what we
want to look like then we're going to
take the sauce mix that comes with the
ramen noodles and just pour it all over
on top and there you go and the sauce is
delicious too and that's what it looks
like this is the hiyashi chuka ramen and
it is fabulous thank you for watching we
appreciate it like some comments please
remember to subscribe thank you